10192393	A common human skin tumour is caused by activating mutations in beta-catenin. WNT signalling orchestrates a number of developmental programs. In response to this stimulus, cytoplasmic beta-catenin (encoded by CTNNB1) is stabilized, enabling downstream transcriptional activation by members of the LEF/TCF family. One of the target genes for beta-catenin/TCF encodes c-MYC, explaining why constitutive activation of the WNT pathway can lead to cancer, particularly in the colon. Most colon cancers arise from mutations in the gene encoding adenomatous polyposis coli (APC), a protein required for ubiquitin-mediated degradation of beta-catenin, but a small percentage of colon and some other cancers harbour beta-catenin-stabilizing mutations. Recently, we discovered that transgenic mice expressing an activated beta-catenin are predisposed to developing skin tumours resembling pilomatricomas. Given that the skin of these adult mice also exhibits signs of de novo hair-follicle morphogenesis, we wondered whether human pilomatricomas might originate from hair matrix cells and whether they might possess beta-catenin-stabilizing mutations. Here, we explore the cell origin and aetiology of this common human skin tumour. We found nuclear LEF-1 in the dividing tumour cells, providing biochemical evidence that pilomatricomas are derived from hair matrix cells. At least 75% of these tumours possess mutations affecting the amino-terminal segment, normally involved in phosphorylation-dependent, ubiquitin-mediated degradation of the protein. This percentage of CTNNB1 mutations is greater than in all other human tumours examined thus far, and directly implicates beta-catenin/LEF misregulation as the major cause of hair matrix cell tumorigenesis in humans.. 
10194428	HFE mutations analysis in 711 hemochromatosis probands: evidence for S65C implication in mild form of hemochromatosis. Hereditary hemochromatosis (HH) is a common autosomal recessive genetic disorder of iron metabolism. The HFE candidate gene encoding an HLA class I-like protein involved in HH was identified in 1996. Two missense mutations have been described  C282Y, accounting for 80% to 90% of HH chromosomes, and H63D, which is associated with a milder form of the disease representing 40% to 70% of non-C282Y HH chromosomes. We report here on the analysis of C282Y, H63D, and the 193A-- > T substitution leading to the S65C missense substitution in a large series of probands and controls. The results confirm that the C282Y substitution was the main mutation involved in hemochromatosis, accounting for 85% of carrier chromosomes, whereas the H63D substitution represented 39% of the HH chromosomes that did not carry the C282Y mutation. In addition, our screening showed that the S65C substitution was significantly enriched in probands with at least one chromosome without an assigned mutation. This substitution accounted for 7. 8% of HH chromosomes that were neither C282Y nor H63D. This enrichment of S65C among HH chromosomes suggests that the S65C substitution is associated with the mild form of hemochromatosis. 
10196379	Germline BRCA1 alterations in a population-based series of ovarian cancer cases. The objective of this study was to provide more accurate frequency estimates of breast cancer susceptibility gene 1 (BRCA1) germline alterations in the ovarian cancer population. To achieve this, we determined the prevalence of BRCA1 alterations in a population-based series of consecutive ovarian cancer cases. This is the first population-based ovarian cancer study reporting BRCA1 alterations derived from a comprehensive screen of the entire coding region. One hundred and seven ovarian cancer cases were analyzed for BRCA1 alterations using the RNase mismatch cleavage assay followed by direct sequencing. Two truncating mutations, 962del4 and 3600del11, were identified. Both patients had a family history of breast or ovarian cancer. Several novel as well as previously reported uncharacterized variants were also identified, some of which were associated with a family history of cancer. The frequency distribution of common polymorphisms was determined in the 91 Caucasian cancer cases in this series and 24 sister controls using allele-specific amplification. The rare form of the Q356R polymorphism was significantly (P = 0. 03) associated with a family history of ovarian cancer, suggesting that this polymorphism may influence ovarian cancer risk. In summary, our data suggest a role for some uncharacterized variants and rare forms of polymorphisms in determining ovarian cancer risk, and highlight the necessity to screen for missense alterations as well as truncating mutations in this population. 
